Move command-line args out of dev-mode Python invocation (#1413)
beeware/briefcase: changes/1413.bugfix.rst

> Moved most command-line args out of the Python invocation used inside ``briefcase dev``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command line arguments used to configure the Python environment for ``briefcase dev`` no longer leak into the runtime environment on macOS.
```
